## Repo as a template

There are as many templates for (R) repos as there R users... Here's ours.

We srtucture the repo as a package. We may never build it but usually we do so that the package functions are available everywhere in it

 * things you should touch:
    * env.R        : where we store all the parameters that might be re-used across our repo. Such as colour defaults, data paths etc
    * R/           : where we store functions that get built
    * analysis/    : where we store .Rmd files and the .R scripts that call them (usually using a `drake` plan)
    * docs/        : where we put output generated by the .R/.Rmd code. This is helpful if you are using [github/lab pages](https://guides.github.com/features/pages/). Unfortunately the University of Southampton gitlab service does not currently support this.
    * notData/     : where we do not store data. R packages expect certain kinds of data in their 'data/' folders. Do not put your data in it. In fact we recommend **not** putting your data in your repo at all. Yes, this breaks true reproducability but there are reasons:
        * we often use data that is commerecial or sensitive or personal (under GDPR) - so we cannot risk that leaking out
        * we often use _very large_ datasets which most git/hub/lab services sensibly reject
        * we often pull real time data on the fly from elsewhere so storage makes no sense

 * things you should not touch:
    * man/          : created by building the project/package
    * NAMESPACE     : - ditto -